# Original Project Statement

so we have this app, this demo app. This is served through a Databricks app. Framework being used is React and TypeScript. And what this does is it's really just an easy way to go through all of the features in MLflow associated with this specific use case. Personalize email generation. And we all hate that use case because it's low value. And basically, the front end just gives the field team people that aren't as technical or aren't as comfortable with the MLflow code and UI, like just an interface to overlay different elements of creating traces. So asking questions to the LLM and then being able to fix and find issues and test out different judges and build judges and do all of that. And then this is the repo associated with it. I've forked this repo and basically have the authority to change all of the code. And a lot of the hard work is already done by one of my favorite coworkers, who's were changing the use case to show higher value features in MLflow, like judge optimization and using things from DSPy that now integrate for prompt optimization and all of that. And so the use case is very domain specific. And that is all outlined in this blog called Defensive Coordinator. So one of our specialists, NFL, is one of our customers. And so they're basically building a system that helps offensive coordinators use historical NFL data to answer questions like who gets the ball for the Cowboys in 11 personnel on a third and sixth? Or what do the Packers do in the last two minutes of haps? And it uses all the historical NFL data that NFL publishes through this package called NFL Ready Pi that the NFL publicizes all of their fucking data through that package on Git. And so what this person's done is they've basically built the entire agent. And this agent has a shit ton of tools that can run queries on things like success by patching rushing yards and all that. Like there's so many different tools. All of this code is already created for me. Like I just have to do the plumbing for the UI that will make it easy for people to use. So like honestly, all the hard part is done. It's the UI plumbing that I have to do. And so I'm trying to think about the most optimal way for me to because I want to keep some of these elements. Like I like that the experiment ID is linked. I like that you can click through these. But these are going to be totally different now. Like these different sections are going to be more of the sections in the blog here. Like it's not going to be the ingest data and create tools. This will already be done so people can then still do the observe with tracing. This will be the same. Like people and then we'll say like try this below. We'll just be like here's some drop down questions that you can ask. And like people can test out a question. And they'll see the response. And it'll be a little blurb about how like well look at how contextualized this is. And like look at all the tool calls being made blah, blah, blah. And stuff like that. So my question to you is what is the best way for like how would you recommend I go about because I want to keep some elements from the UI. I don't want to totally rip it apart. Like I'll keep the formatting and stuff with all the cards. But each element will be like slightly different. So how do you recommend I fork this? I'm just going to deploy it as a separate app. I don't have to worry about like replacing that URL. We'll just give it a new URL. But yeah, what do you think? Like how should I think about the different steps? And should I do local development first before I tested a Databricks app or?